whenever you have a new crew or maybe a crew that's doing things that
they're not used to assign them the smaller tasks. You know what? Hey,
um, go up and tell the CEO this comes back, Um, when? A few seconds
with a fully detailed information. Then, um, thing, they're good.
If they're failing on the small, tiny tasks, Then as you grow up as
as their responsibility grows, you're gonna find that you might They
might not be as dependable as other people. So, um, yeah, just sign
them task and keep a mental record of their successes and failures
in those tasks. Obviously the ones who are superstars, you just let
them go. The ones who are kind of failing in that area, you kind of
like give them feedback on how they can improve